doc update: update SEP-8 action required response (#201)
stellar/js-stellar-wallets: plans/sep8.md

    - Display the message if included in the response
  - if action_required
    - Display the message

>     - Redirect to action_url based on action_method and action_fields

Reviewer: ➕ There's more to it than a simple redirect.

If the action_method is `GET` you can load the `action_url` in browser or app.

If the action_method is `POST` then the app must make a request to the POST endpoint first, and then depending on the result either stops there, or then continues on to loading the `next_url` in browser or app.

See [this section](http://stellar.org/protocol/sep-8#action-url).

Author: https://github.com/stellar/js-stellar-wallets/pull/201/commits/86fcdf3bb6c2d89be30c434849b506bde91741e9

  }) => Promise<ActionPromptStatus>;
}

type callActionUrl = (params: CallActionUrlRequest) => string;

interface CallActionUrlRequest {
  response: ActionRequired;

>   callbackId: ApprovalRequest;

Reviewer: ❓ What's the motivation for renaming `request` to `callbackId`?

Author: Still learning, but my guess is that this field will be used by the issuer as an identifier when the issuer completes the additional work on their end to redirect the user back the where she was. In other words, the issuer might concatenate this field with the callbackUrl. The actual request body to the action URL will be built based on the returned information in the `ActionRequired` response. The action URL itself is in the `ActionRequired` response too. So I renamed it to avoid confusion.

I might be completely wrong about the purpose of having the ApprovalRequest here in the first place.

Reviewer: [SEP-8](https://stellar.org/protocol/sep-8) has no callbacks. 

I think it'd be a good idea to understand what it is for before renaming and refactoring.

If this SEP-8 implementation supports callbacks then it implements more than SEP-8 defines today, and that isn't really SEP-8. Is callbacks something you're designing as a proposal for SEP-8?

Author: > Is callbacks something you're designing as a proposal for SEP-8?

Nope. The callback was in the [plan](https://github.com/stellar/js-stellar-wallets/blob/e2a9e31491da2ec61d1502acef8b033c749e2ae7/plans/sep8.md) before I started to modify it. I use it as a learning opportunity of how wallet SDK should be designed. Not so much related to SEP-8 before I understand the whole logic. And that's why I asked for your help in case I need to further modify SEP-8. 😄 

I think the reason why the callback was there in the first place is because of the [redirection](https://www.oauth.com/oauth2-servers/redirect-uris/redirect-uris-native-apps/) in native app.
```
     /**
       * On e.g. react native, the client will have to open a webview manually
       * and pass a callback URL that the app has "claimed." This is very similar
       * to e.g. OAuth flows.
       * https://www.oauth.com/oauth2-servers/redirect-uris/redirect-uris-native-apps/
       * Include the original request so it can be provided as a querystring to
       * the callback URL.
       */
```

  status: "action_required";
  message: string;
  action_url: string;
  action_method?: string;
  action_fields?: string[];

> }

Reviewer: ➕ I imagine you probably need to add types for the new POST responses detailed [here](http://stellar.org/protocol/sep-8#action-url).

Author: Question: how do you have a dynamic type based on what's returned in `action_fields`? Or do we simply include all the possible fields in SEP-11?

Reviewer: I don't think I understand the question completely, so I might need you to elaborate, but if you're asking what types will be in action_fields, it's an array of strings. The contents are field names for fields in SEP-9, not SEP-11.

Author: Ah nvm. I realized you were referring to the POST response, not the request.

> The contents are field names for fields in SEP-9, not SEP-11.

My bad. SEP-11, not SEP-9.

My original question was about how we can construct a request type that is based on what's in the array of strings.

    showUser(approvalResponse);
    break;
  case ApprovalResponseStatus.action_required:
    // Placeholder to show the message regarding why further actions are required.
    showUser(approvalResponse.message);

>     // If the approval service requested specific fields, load the values of those fields without user intervention.

Reviewer: 💡 Without user intervention seems to be a little prescriptive. If you want to give details you could cover more cases. SEP-8 doesn't define what you should do here, so it's really up to the client.
```suggestion
    // If the approval service requested specific fields, load the values of those fields if we know them,
    // or if we'd like to collect them client side before taking the user to the action url.
```

Author: https://github.com/stellar/js-stellar-wallets/pull/201/commits/1a6cdfaba143d3b8239db787f945aa5155a3417b

    let actionFieldsValues = [];
    if (!approvalResponse.action_fields || !approvalResponse.action_fields.length) {
          actionFieldValues = approvalResponse.action_fields.map(field => loadValue(field););
    }

    if (!approvalResponse.action_method || approvalResponse.action_method === "GET") {
      let actionUrl = approvalResponse.action_url;
      if (!actionFieldsValues.length) {
        actionUrl = buildUrlWithQueryParams(approvalResponse.action_url, approvalResponse.action_fields, actionFieldValues);
      }

      // The actual implementation regarding how to trigger the sending of the GET request and handle the response is up to the client.

>       sendGetRequestToActionUrl(actionUrl);

Reviewer: ❓ What is different about `sendGetRequestToActionUrl` at the end of the `GET` flow vs the `loadUrl` call at the end of the `POST` flow?

In both cases the client has a URL that it needs to take the user to and I thought they would be the same function. Is there other behavior that is unique to the `GET` case that happens here?

Author: > Is there other behavior that is unique to the GET case that happens here?

Nope. They are the same. Good catch. https://github.com/stellar/js-stellar-wallets/pull/201/commits/7e0acfc3d794433390425a797425e2b1e443fa91
